fix(test): Add continuous integration using Github actions (#271)
freelawproject/recap-chrome: CHANGES.md

> # Change Log
> 
> ## Upcoming
> 
> The following changes are not yet released, but are code complete:
> 
> Features:
> - None
> 
> Changes:
> - None
> 
> Fixes:
> - None
> 
> ## Current
> 
> **1.2.30 - 2022-11-09**
> 
> Changes:
>  - Remove references to Travis CI in readme.md and testing.md files.
>  - Delete the configuration file for Travis CI.
>  - Add the test.yml file to define a workflow that runs tests using GitHub Actions.
>  - Adds [Puppeteer](https://pptr.dev/) as a dev dependency to use its Chromium binary to run the tests in [headless](https://developers.google.com/web/updates/2017/04/headless-chrome) mode.
>  - Update the configuration file used by Karma to change the default browser used to run the tests.

Reviewer: We don't want to bump the version yet. We'll do that when we are ready to cut a release. So:

```suggestion
# Change Log

## Upcoming

The following changes are not yet released, but are code complete:

Features:
 - None
 
Changes:
- None

Fixes:
- More robust uploading of attachment pages ([#304](https://github.com/freelawproject/recap/issues/304), [#238](https://github.com/freelawproject/recap/issues/238), [#291](https://github.com/freelawproject/recap/issues/291))

For Developers:
 - Migrates from Travis CI to Github Actions
 - Adds [Puppeteer](https://pptr.dev/) as a dev dependency to use its Chromium binary to run the tests in [headless](https://developers.google.com/web/updates/2017/04/headless-chrome) mode.
 - Updates the configuration file used by Karma to change the default browser used to run the tests.

## Current & Previous

See releases: https://github.com/freelawproject/recap-chrome/releases/
```
